gh-119740: Remove deprecated trunc delegation (#119743)
python/cpython: Doc/library/functions.rst

      See the :ref:`integer string conversion length limitation
      <int_max_str_digits>` documentation.

>    .. deprecated-removed:: 3.11 3.14

Reviewer: It should be `versionchanged`. `deprecated` should be used for the deprecation note and now removed.

Author: Okay, so "versionchanged:: 3.14" for the "int will no longer delegate message", right?

I don't understand the "and now removed" bit. Are you saying that the earlier 3.11 versionchanged note should be removed? Or that it should be changed to say "deprecated"? Or it should stay as it was?

Reviewer: I think that `deprecated:: 3.11` should be used instead of `versionchanged:: 3.11` when the deprecation started. Now it is removed, so all is fine.

Author: Thanks; that makes sense. I wasn't sure whether we're supposed to remove older `deprecated` notes when things were finally removed.

>       :class:`int` will no longer delegate to the :meth:`~object.__trunc__` method.

Reviewer: Perhaps ``` :func:`int` ``` would be better for this. `int` is documented as a function and a class. In this case we refer to a callable.

      See the :ref:`integer string conversion length limitation
      <int_max_str_digits>` documentation.

   .. versionchanged:: 3.14

>       :func:`int` will no longer delegate to the :meth:`~object.__trunc__` method.

Reviewer 2: Just a personal opinion, but I think 

```suggestion
      :func:`int` no longer delegates to the :meth:`~object.__trunc__` method.
```

would be clearer.
